Try it, what about the seniors who bully our engineering students?
certainly. Why are you here?
What happened?
Come, let me help you make some comments.
At that time, this person was talking to me,
They want their apology to not be reassuring at all.
I can try to make a comment.
Which student worker are you?
Huh? Learn how to take a thorough shot.
I must kick you out of school,
You have been judged wrong.
I feel like listening to the wind is just one shot.
I didn't shoot him through.
No matter who takes the road to Tiankou.
All this proves that he is loveless
And my bet with him
Everyone present heard it
Now is the time for him to show his kindness to Wa Zhao
The bet in this video is to be strong
Indeed, the adjusted result is better than
No one has time to be strong
Maybe I'm remembering it wrong
Answer him innocently
Don't bet on others like this.
It’s so bad to meet a man
So much betting on others
How could there be so much gambling?
Next, is it about betting on others?
Now the evidence is already yours
I should chase you like I apologized
You are dishonest
Ling Bingli
your students
Wu Mie is a good guy, it’s okay, I’ll pick me up
What do you think we should do?
Wearing it straight is the original Taiko
This time it has a very serious meaning
Don't worry about yourself after suffering such a serious injury